# Client-Development
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The best way I found to write programs and make them readable is comments. Not only do comments help you keep track of everything that is going on but it also allows you to show and describe to anyone else what is happening(or should be) just by a glance.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I found the best way to approach any problem is to full understand what the client wants and needs out of the project. By designing any system to hekp that client should be the main focus with any project. How to handle trasnferring information is a big thing that I learned throughout this course and that I will carry with me onto other coursework. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists are important because they analyze and create software to assist companies to better utlize their data. By analyzing the data you can create a custom program for each company that will directly assist them in the needs for their data. This is very important because how you manage and package the data through the software can greatly increase their effeicenty with that data.
